boutique event of the Devon that's not
what just to focus but I can't get
better than this okay glad thank you
good to do a bit
I should mirror exactly what she's doing
on the inside okay with the tab at the
unlock position or it'll rotate the
child to the locked position now if
you're ready we're ready okay we are
fully seated in a locked position ok
Tammy we didn't see any any motion on
the outside if you would go ahead and
move it back to the unlock about
three-quarters of the variable not for
life that will not feed as i mentioned
earlier and kami if you could
simultaneous with trying to put it in
the unlock position if you would move a
handle a little bit back and forth
okay and we can see the handle moving on
the outside actually no we can't we
can't see any indication of that and it
just may be a bad angle in to door
amidst the two and a half thousand hours
of NASA footage recorded by Martin
Stubbs we have seen countless examples
of the spheres the first space
phenomenon but until now few have ever
come across least of all seen described
what has been labeled the second space
phenomenon those that have have been
left speechless including eminent
scientists astrophysicists and as we
have learned highly place figures within
the Canadian Space Agency someone who
was prepared to comment publicly after
being shown less than five minutes of
the footage was Guido negro director of
the SETI radio telescope at golden grave
Observatory in Western Australia what we
asked did he make of it all well I was
very impressed not only myself
and because this time we are talking
about footage taken off from some home
movie comes on someone that be casually
was advising space shuttle so
automatically get gave us the fact that
the teacher happy well I was I was
impressed and maybe something else that
we are not aware of at least the footage
day with so capture the true and really
are showing an alien spacecraft or
something like that I say anything is a
cover-up the people who are doing this
cover-up arc an enemy of entire their
race because we are not children and we
must know it and we must know the true
it doesn't matter if there are people
that are not they don't know how to
handle the truth well let me join me or
some will and if there is a cover-up i
think his time the cover Mo's Guido
could have easily dismissed this
sampling as ice crystals at best for
arrant nonsense at worst the fact that
he chose to do neither is symbolic
perhaps of the potential importance both
he and a great many others attached to
the footage the owners surely now rests
with people like Guido and others
elsewhere in the scientific community to
determine whether or not the second
space phenomena is a genuine phenomenon
and were that proven to be the case to
burning questions would need to be
addressed is it extraterrestrial and is
it intelligent if the answer to either
is deemed yes we could have arrived at
an historic moment for Martin stubs it
would be the vindication of what he and
millions like him have always maintained
that we are not alone in the universe
his after all was a chance discovery a
fleeting glimpse
of something that sped across his
television monitor that most would fail
to notice he focused on that he looked
for more of the same under different
conditions and found them in abundance
but found what exactly some of the
greatest scientific discoveries known to
man have often been born from chance
events but is it remotely conceivable
that one of the greatest discoveries of
all time could have been similarly
unearthed by a humble cable TV manager
operating out of a small community
station in Vancouver history will surely
go on to determine the truth provided
that is others within the scientific
community are equally prepared to
explore the limitless possibilities now
before them but who among them will be
courageous enough ambitious enough to
step forward and examine this evidence
there will be many who will choose to
ignore it blinded by self-imposed
scientific dogma and bland indifference
towards all who championed the
extra-terrestrial hypotheses but those
that do express an interest may well
find themselves embarking upon one of
the greatest scientific treks of all
time I can't explain it because I don't
really think that's my job right now I'm
merely person who's gathering grains of
salt together and putting them in front
of you it's as if you have a carpet and
you throw you have a handful of salt and
you throw the salt on the carpet you
look and you don't think there's any
salt there but when you gather it up put
it back in your hand you have something